Refactoring of azure obj store #3957 (#3970)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/storage.md

  container: ""
  endpoint: ""
  max_retries: 0
  msi_resource: ""
  pipeline_config:
    max_tries: 0
    try_timeout: 0s
    retry_delay: 0s
    max_retry_delay: 0s
  reader_config:
    max_retry_requests: 0
  http_config:
    idle_conn_timeout: 0s
    response_header_timeout: 0s

>     insecure_skip_verify: false

Reviewer: Could [tls_config](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#tls_config) be added instead of just `insecure_skip_verify`?
I know blob storage itself does not support it but we'd like to use a proxy (by changing the `endpoint` in the configuration) with mTLS for blob storage to avoid having to provide the storage account key to every cluster we monitor.
I also think it would be better to make the config as similar to Prometheus as possible for consistency and code resuse (if possible)

Author: yes and no. This is in line with all other storage options in Thanos: https://thanos.io/tip/thanos/storage.md/
There is some work being done to make these configs more logical, but for now I try to keep it aligned with how everything in Thanos works (:

Reviewer: thanks for the answer, I guess the solution to this problem is to implement a custom proxy and run it as a sidecar, using https with a dummy certificate and `insecure_skip_verify`

Author: > thanks for the answer, I guess the solution to this problem is to implement a custom proxy and run it as a sidecar, using https with a dummy certificate and `insecure_skip_verify`

Yea I understand the case, it's just that I don't feel making one specific change here. However, it would make sense to implement a generic tls_config for non-component related configs, but for 'object storage connections'. As this would/should be implemented not only for Azure Blob, but also for all the other options Thanos supports. 
Perhaps you could create a new issue for this?

  container: ""
  endpoint: ""
  max_retries: 0
  msi_resource: ""
  pipeline_config:
    max_tries: 0
    try_timeout: 0s
    retry_delay: 0s
    max_retry_delay: 0s
  reader_config:
    max_retry_requests: 0
  http_config:
    idle_conn_timeout: 0s
    response_header_timeout: 0s
    insecure_skip_verify: false
    tls_handshake_timeout: 0s
    expect_continue_timeout: 0s
    max_idle_conns: 0
    max_idle_conns_per_host: 0
    max_conns_per_host: 0
    disable_compression: false
```

> If `msi_resource` is used, authentication is done via ServicePrincipalToken. The value for Azure should be `https://storage.azure.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `msi_resource` is used, authentication is done via ServicePrincipalToken. The value for Azure should be `https://<storage-account-name>.blob.core.windows.net`.
```
